(The following content may not be suitable
for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
I think there's been a mistake.
There's no one by the name of Ru Ri Lee.
At his house who lives together with her.
I saw him and his girlfriend
at that beach...
on my way here.
Did you eat?
(Episode 4)
What are you doing right now?
Can't you see? I'm packing.
If you go now, you can follow
your father at the airport.
I can't. I'm not going.
You don't know...
how scary my dad is when he's mad.
If I go back to Seoul right now,
he will kill me.
What will you do if you don't go back?
Do you think you can still
work in Guam like this?
I can't accept that anymore.
- Manager Jung.
- It's natural that he's mad.
You were in an employment scam,
lived with a man, and kissed me.
That's all a misunderstanding.
So let's go and get it straight.
It's better to face your problems head on.
You must resolve misunderstandings
as soon as possible.
Let's go.
I can't.
I'm...
too scared to go.
He'll still be here if it's before
the departure process.
I think he's not here.
Are you really going to be like this?
Just give me one chance.
I'm too scared to go back to Korea.
Don't worry.
If he tries to hit you, I'll take it for you.
It's not about that.
Mr. Lee, Ru Ri is here.
She wants to go with you.
If you're not finished with ticketing, I'll help you.
Dad, I'll be honest and tell you about everything.
It's my fault that I deceived you.
But I couldn't tell you then because I was too scared.
I just wanted to live freely.
I just slept and ate at Manager Jung's house.
That's right. We're not in that kind of relationship.
What about that?
A moment ago, you were hugging each other at the sea.
That is...
Let me just ask you one thing.
Are you serious about him?
Or are you just enjoying your time with him?
You said you would be honest.
Tell me.
Are you serious, or are you just having fun?
It's serious.
Really?
What about you?
Are you serious about her?
Tell me. What side is it?
I'm sorry.
I haven't thought deeply about her.
Is this what you call living freely?
You were hugging and rolling around...
with a man who isn't serious about you in the middle of the night.
I'm telling you again.
I won't interfere with your life again.
Live like this if you want to.
The 29 years I spent on her is a waste.
How could she meet a punk like that?
He should say, "I love her", and "I'll be responsible for her".
No, what's the point of blaming others?
It's all because she's like her mom. Lacking in everything she does.
Here, take care of the tickets.
You will arrive early in the morning.
Talk to your father properly when you go back to Korea.
Make sure to sort everything out.
Promise me one thing.
- What? - I'll come back...
after receiving my dad's permission.
Wait for me until then.
Ru Ri, you don't have to try so hard.
No.
I will really come back.
Right next to your side.
Right next to my side?
I already know...
that you were lying earlier.
I know you hid your true heart towards me...
because of the aftereffects of the accident.
You don't have to anymore.
It doesn't matter who you are, and what your condition is.
Even if you have a problem sexually.
I'm ready to like you with all my heart.
No, I already like you.
So don't worry about that.
You really are naive.
No, it's all my fault.
You need to be careful who you play with.
I don't have any aftereffects.
At first, it was fun to see you all flustered.
I'm really sorry.
Then,
what was that?
You kissed me on the beach.
Were you just playing with me, just like my dad said?
Was it because I'm a foolish girl who doesn't know her place?
Be careful what you talk about.
It's hard for people to realize their own feelings.
Honestly, I've never thought about you like that.
Sometimes, your behavior and words don't match.
I was carried away by the atmosphere.
That's okay.
It makes me sadder to hear such excuses.
It was nice to be mistaken alone.
Be healthy.
You can't go like this.
Why? Does it make you feel bad since I'll remember you as a bully?
Don't worry. We'll never see each other again.
I will forget everything about you.
Excuse me.
No, Manager Jung.
Hey.
Ta-da. Today's breakfast menu is strawberry omelet with bread.
Honey, eat a lot. Okay?
You want me to eat this for breakfast?
Why? You don't want to?
I saw it coming. So I prepared something else too.
Here. I have chocolate and bananas. Which one would you like?
I'm going to work.
What's the matter?
I'm sorry.
My taste in food is quite Korean, so I prefer doenjang to baked goods...
from a trendy bakery.
You're ridiculous. Who's going to suit your taste?
You should've married a girl who digs cockles in Beolgyo,
so you can have the stew for breakfast and dinner.
Why did you marry a girl who studied overseas? Why are you making a fuss?
- Goodness. You're unbelievable. - She's going at it again.
Mom, didn't I make myself clear?
I told you we'll live by ourselves if you nag So Won.
Okay. Please don't bring that up again.
I'll keep my mouth shut.
You heard her, right?
Don't be so upset. Let's go to Jeju Island tonight, just the two of us.
Why are we going there all of a sudden?
I told you already.
I said I wanted to get some fresh air and de-stress.
Am I in any position to go on a trip?
I won't expect you to be a good daughter-in-law.
Just don't turn me into a bad son.
Honey, honey. Honey!
That guy is so negative. He's so pessimistic.
What's wrong with this breakfast?
Bring me the cold rice and fermented bean stew we had last night.
He went to Guam to fetch Ru Ri.
(Beautiful Daughter)
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
- after the beep. - Goodness.
Ru Ri, did you see your dad?
I'm worried sick. Please call me back.
Mom.
- Hi. - I'm here.
You should've gone straight to work. You didn't have to come again.
I don't have surgeries scheduled this morning.
Father hasn't called back, has he?
I can't reach him either. I don't know what's going on.
I'm hoping nothing has happened.
Don't worry.
Taking a few days off won't be a problem for Ru Ri.
You don't know anything.
It won't be easy to find Ru Ri either.
What are you talking about?
Ru Ri isn't working at Guam Visitors Bureau.
- You're back. - Yes.
Where's Ru Ri?
She's not part of this family anymore. Don't even bring her up.
What do you mean?
Did something happen in Guam?
It's bitter to even talk about what happened. So I won't.
She got a job at Guam Visitors Bureau?
She was conning us. It was all a lie.
That ungrateful brat.
What? Then why did she go to Guam?
What happened? Mom, you know what happened, don't you?
Honey, you should try to understand her.
Ru Ri's initial intention wasn't to lie to us.
She couldn't get a job again.
She did that because she was worried that you'd be disappointed in her.
Think how miserable she must've been been to willingly commit suicide.
I thought something horrible was going to happen. So I let her.
For three years, she suffered a great deal to get a job.
I told her to go because I wanted her to relax.
So Ru Ri did nothing wrong. Everything is my fault.
- How dare you! - Father.
So you two plotted this scheme...
and deceived me?
Honey.
Do you know what you've done?
You need to think of ways to teach her when she made a mistake.
How can you, her mother, ruin her chance at having a future?
What are you talking about? How did I ruin her future?
Do you have to ask?
Right now, that brat...
is living with a guy whom we never heard of in Guam.
- What? - It was all for nothing.
You ruined our precious daughter whom I raised with all my effort.
Goodness, this is why I should've checked the IQ of the bride.
Since you are so stupid,
your daughter is doing only foolish things.
Mom.
Honey, that's not true.
I'm sure that was a misunderstanding.
Ru Ri wouldn't do such a thing. She wouldn't do that.
Quit dreaming!
I witnessed it with my own eyes.
They were kissing and all over each other.
Oh, dear.
Goodness, I was so embarrassed of her.
That's not true! I trust Ru Ri.
That's not like her.
Even if that's true, I'm certain she had a good reason for it.
A good reason, my foot!
We don't need to talk anymore. Get out.
I don't need someone who deceives in my own house...
which I bought with the money I personally earned.
Whether it's marriage graduation or divorce, I'll do whatever you want.
So get out of this house right now.
- Honey. - I told you to get out!
I'll leave, but not like this. You can't kick me out.
I'll straighten things out for Ru Ri and leave this house on my own will.
No way.
You caused a colossal disaster.
But now you want to straighten things out? Forget it.
You don't have the right to do that.
- Please calm down. - Okay, okay.
Leave now. Get out of my house right now.
Am I a joke to you?
You know what? Come here.
I said I'll do whatever you want. Why aren't you leaving?
- Let go of me. - Why?
- Get out of my house. - Goodness!
What's gotten into you?
Get out. Leave now.
Father, please calm down. Compose yourself.
- Father! - Get out!
Gosh, it hurts.
Unbelievable.
Hey, Hong Young Hye! You're listening, aren't you?
I don't ever want to see you again.
Don't dare set foot in this neighborhood.
Starting this point, I have neither a wife nor a daughter.
The only family I have is So Won.
Get that?
Did you get that?
Get up.
What did your father say?
I don't think he would've kept quiet. I know how he is.
Where is Ru Ri? How is she doing now?
How can you worry about her now?
Haven't you thought about how shocked he is?
You let that foolish girl live overseas.
I bet she's just wasting her life there.
How can you be just like your father?
Okay, I get it. It's all my fault. You don't need to blame Ru Ri.
- Where are you going? - That's not your concern.
You have no place to go.
Come with me.
Look at you. Why are you crying?
You're breaking my heart.
Mom.
It doesn't matter how hard I try. I can't make him love me.
- Goodness. - I wanted to be a good wife,
so I cooked him breakfast and planned our trip.
But I think So Won really hates me.
Why do you like that doctor so much anyway?
Mom, this is just between us.
I'm not that smart as you know.
When I see him reading a book,
I go crazy because he's so hot.
This is ridiculous.
He used to be so good to me at first.
Why is he so mean now?
Hold on.
It's been about four years...
- since you've been married, right? - Yes.
It's about time for you guys to reach the stage of ennui.
"The stage of ennui"? What should I do, Mom?
Get pregnant.
Pregnant?
Come in.
Whose house is this?
This is my second house.
Second house?
There's nothing to be surprised about.
We repeat a routine endlessly, so I bought that.
It didn't feel like my home and it was suffocating.
So Won, are you...
Am I regretting getting married?
No, I'm thankful to Father.
I almost got ruined after breaking up with Su Mi.
I came to my senses after Father introduced Yeon Ju to me.
It was also the best from a practical viewpoint.
"A practical viewpoint"?
Is marriage a business, to think about profit?
You should've got married because you're in love.
It's funny that you're saying that.
Didn't you marry Father despite Grandfather's opposition?
Looking at you right now,
I think my choice was wiser than yours.
My goodness.
They're so disrespectful.
They are so ungrateful.
My gosh.
Oh, my.
Hey.
Hong Young Hye. Lee Ru Ri.
Why are you at my house?
Pigs will fly before I ever...
forgive you two.
Come here.
Why am I so dizzy?
Goodness.
What is wrong with me?
My head hurts.
It hurts.
Mom?
Where did she go?
I need to see her first.
Dad.
Dad, wake up.
Mom.
Dad.
What should we do?
Just leave me alone. That's helping me.
Okay, I trust you.
Oh, my. What happened?
It's hot.
Hey. Oh, my.
Why are you in the kitchen? Where is your dad?
He went to work out.
He must be stressed after Grandma visited.
He exercises like crazy whenever he's worried about something.
Wait, I'll make you instant noodles.
Mom, did you hear anything from him?
Is Grandma a monster?
How strange is she for him to treat her like that?
Is this your first time seeing her?
I didn't know she existed.
We're in big trouble. I have a bad feeling about her.
It's worth the visit seeing you this angry.
Hate is also a form of love.
Hey, wait for me.
Hey.
Hi, Go Jung Do.
I think you have 30 minutes left until your class.
Let's go somewhere and talk.
Should I go to your classroom?
Drink.
Mango juice isn't that bad these days.
Drink it all.
I'm allergic to mangoes.
How could a mother not know what her child is allergic to?
But...
I'm here as a senior of the industry, not your mother.
Senior?
What do you want, Senior Choi?
Do you hate me that much?
I'll leave if you don't have anything to say.
People must live according to their conditions.
It's funny when a crow-tit tries to walk like a stork.
But it's funnier when a stork tries to imitate a crow-tit.
It's only funny in your eyes. I don't have any complaints.
Your house is about to collapse, and you're living with an old lady.
Do you think it suits you...
taking care of that lady's kids and being tired?
What do you even know about us to thoughtlessly talk like that?
Do you have any right to do so?
Why don't I?
Like it or not, I gave birth to you. You're my child.
I have enough right to interfere with your life...
since I gave birth to you.
If you wanted to interfere, you should've done it earlier.
When I needed a mother.
When Father needed a wife.
Where were you then?
You were moving from one young man to another.
Are you starting to think of your children...
because you're old and young men aren't interested in you?
10 years ago,
2 people died because of you.
The moment my brother and his wife died because of you,
you were also dead to me.
So don't you dare appear in front of me again.
How much salary do you want?
I can give you 10 times more than your salary.
Don't you know?
I gave up my life in Japan to achieve a goal in Korea.
I'm here to develop SC Food and Beverage.
If you work with me,
it will only be a matter of time to become the top of the industry.
(SC Food and Beverage, Seoga and Cook)
Is that why you wanted to see me?
If you don't like me, you can completely treat me as a senior.
Just as I suspected.
I thought you gained a conscience after getting older.
But now you're just trying to use your child.
It's too bad. I'm different from Father.
Father loved you until the moment he died.
He gave you everything.
The only thing I can offer you is hatred.
So never appear in front of me again.
What is this?
They are chairman Kevin's special orders.
In case you failed at recruiting Go Jung Do,
he said he would recruit a new menu developer.
A newbie can't handle this.
That's why...
you should hurry Go Jung Do's recruitment.
What happened to the orders I made?
I told you to find information on Jang Hwa Young.
I will report to you within the day.
Hurry.
That woman is the only thing to defeat Jung Do.
- So Won. - Mom.
- Mom. - Ru Ri.
It's okay. Everything will be fine.
- What about your dad? - He's still in examination.
Is he conscious?
We're fortunate that Ru Ri found him quickly.
It's all because of me.
I upset him, so this happened.
Don't say anything like that.
That's not what happened, so don't say anything like that.
Your dad is strong. Don't worry.
Let's wait and see.
There.
Okay.
- Hi. - Hi.
Next week is the busiest week,
so we train the new employees quickly and let them start working.
- Police. - Is this the police car?
Smile.
What's up?
Is something there?
Hey, where are you going?
Ru Ri.
What's the matter?
I'm sorry.
Did she arrive in Seoul safely?
It looked like her dad had quite a temper.
I hope everything's okay.
I can't believe I'm worried about a girl who has left.
How is he?
I have the test results.
Was it a stroke?
The worst is over.
It was a transient ischemic attack.
What is that?
It's a smaller stroke with temporary blockage of cerebrovascular.
Does he need surgery?
No, it's not that serious. I can cure it with medicines.
Is my dad going to be all right?
Yes, we will be medicating him for 4 to 5 days at the hospital.
Thank you, Doctor.
It might recur, so we might need to examine him further.
Thank you.
Father. Father.
Are you all right?
Do you know where you are?
Shin Mo, don't worry.
It's a temporary paralysis. You'll get better soon.
Just relax and rest.
That's right, Dad.
You are going to be okay. It's a relief.
What is he saying?
Wait. What are you saying?
Your back?
His back must be hurting.
He must have hurt it when he fell.
Shin Mo, does your back hurt?
Move a little. I'll do something. What should I do for you?
Mom, are you all right?
Mom, Father must be upset to see you here.
- I think you should go outside. - So Won.
Now.
All right. I'll get some things from the house.
Let's go.
You scumbags.
Mom.
I told you so.
He fell because of me. He must have been stressed because of me.
That's why he can't forgive me.
Don't say that.
It's not your fault.
If he collapsed due to stress,
it's all my fault.
I asked him for a marriage graduation.
Mom.
I feel sorry for you and So Won, but I did.
Let me ask you one thing.
Your father said...
that you were with a man when you were at Guam.
No, Mom. It's over.
I don't know what Dad told you, but it's nothing like that.
I just liked him by myself because I thought he was a good man.
It was over before it even began.
Then are you okay now?
Dad was right.
I must be really stupid.
My love is always one-sided and ends badly.
I must be really stupid,
or maybe it's just that I don't have any charms as a woman.
That's me.
My goodness.
They must not know you very well.
You're really adorable and lovely.
One day, you will meet a man who recognizes who you really are.
Let's go.
It doesn't matter who you are, and what your condition is.
Even if you have a problem sexually.
I'm ready to like you with all my heart.
No,
I already like you.
If you're looking at the photo of a girl who has left,
it means you still have feelings for her.
Should I call Ru Ri for you?
"I didn't really mean it."
"I missed you after you left."
"We should get together again."
Don't act up.
Why are you here?
I've come here to look for men as I'm not working today.
I am free today.
That's good news. You must have plenty of time,
so let's go on a date with me tonight.
Date?
Gosh, he must be a player.
After Ru Ri, is it my turn now?
I love it.
Ru Ri, I'm sorry.
We should get some lotion.
Mom, are you really going to leave Dad?
For real?
You understand me, right?
You know better than anyone else what my life was like.
To be honest,
I really want to stop you because I don't want you two to part.
But I know that I shouldn't.
If you live like this, you will be sick someday.
I know that you are taking medications.
It's not like that.
I take them when it gets too hard.
Gosh.
The wounds get festered because you are stressed.
But Dad doesn't know anything.
Don't mention this to Dad.
Did you hear what the doctor said?
He's on strict bed-rest.
The worst is over this time, but it can recur.
What's most important right now is your dad's health.
Don't worry him, okay?
Mom.
I am on your side.
I want you to be happy from now on.
Try to pull as hard as you can.
Okay.
Try to pull your tongue out.
I'm so relieved.
I was worried because your tongue was tilted to one side at first.
It's easier for you to speak now, right?
Try speaking.
Peter piper picked...
a peck of...
I can't pronounce well.
That's good enough.
You walk much better,
although your left leg is still stiff.
But it will get better after you wake up tomorrow.
You should take some rest.
- I'll get going. - Thank you.
Goodbye.
I saw Susie sitting...
in a shoe shine shop. Where she sits she shines...
Gosh, why can't I pronounce words?
It's really hard to pronounce.
Peter Piper picked...
It's not easy for me either.
You don't need to worry anymore.
You're very lucky.
You're only paralyzed temporarily for 24 hours.
Does that mean I'm okay?
Can I be relieved?
It's not a stroke, is it?
Father, this is the chance.
This is the chance to stop Mom.
So you should forgive her now.
No way.
I'll never see your mom or Ru Ri again...
even if I die.
Then you'll end up having a stroke.
You were lucky this time,
but there's 30 percent of recurrence within a year.
- Is that what you want? - What?
30 percent?
You need to manage your diet and exercise from now on.
Someone needs to take you to the hospital if you show signs again.
You can't do that alone.
I'll hire a nurse.
No one would look after you all day long.
You can't even cook ramyeon. How will you live alone...
when you have a bomb inside your head?
If you want to enjoy the rest of your life,
don't let Mom leave you.
That's the only way.
Where are you going?
I'm going home. I have my own family.
Mom will be here soon.
I don't need her.
I don't want to see her.
Honey. I just had a shower.
- Yeon Ju. - Yes, honey?
- Turn the light off. - Already?
Okay.
Goodnight. I'm tired. I'll sleep first.
Are you that tired?
I'm a human vitamin. I'll make you feel better.
I love you.
Go to sleep. My back hurts.
Back? Let me see. I'll give you a massage.
Here.
For goodness' sake.
- Honey. - How many times do I need say it?
I'm tired. I'm exhausted.
I don't expect anything from you,
but just let me get some rest when I get home.
Do you know what you say to me most often?
All you say is that you're tired.
Is this why I married you?
We don't even talk for 30 minutes in a day.
I can't even remember the last time we slept together.
What am I to you?
Do you even see me as a woman?
It's been four years since we got married.
Do you expect me to get excited every time I see you?
Grow up, please.
Let's have a baby.
You're in the stage of ennui.
A baby is the only way to fix it.
I'll get pregnant.
A baby isn't the solution.
Please realize what's going on for goodness' sake.
I've had a long day because of Father,
so please leave me alone!
Hey, what did you just say?
What do you mean you had a long day because of your father?
You were eavesdropping?
That's not the point.
Is your father all right?
Father's in the hospital.
He had a stroke.
Oh, my goodness.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't have a chance.
You only fuss. You're no help.
What? What did you just say?
Say that again.
I can't believe what you just said.
Father-in-law is in the hospital,
but his daughter-in-law is no help to him?
I know she loves you more than you love her,
but how could you treat her like that?
Don't look down on her.
- Mother. - I know we're not educated,
but you should still show respect to us.
- Mom. - I'm not only upset...
because of this.
I've never seen you smiling...
anytime of the day.
I opened a hospital for you in the middle of Gangnam.
I bought you a grand house in Cheongdam-dong.
What's your problem?
Are you looking down on your wife...
because she's so nice to you?
If you knew any better,
you should kneel down to me...
and thank me every day.
I don't know what you want.
- Mom, let's go. - One more thing.
If your rich mother-in-law treated you nicely,
you should return the favor. That's the way of life.
- Let's go. - How could you do that?
Are you even a human being?
That's his shirt.
If you want to enjoy the rest of your life,
don't let Mom leave you.
That's the only way.
Do you want to wash your face?
No, I don't.
Did you hear what the doctor said?
You're better now. You can go home at the end of the week.
Ru Ri. I'll stay here today.
Go home and get some rest.
No, Mom. I'll stay. You should go.
No, it's fine. You must be tired after coming a long way.
You can't go there.
I told you.
I don't want to see neither of you ever again.
Don't even think about moving into my house.
Honey, please.
Get out, you two. I don't want to see your faces.
Get out.
Fine.
Then I'll come back early in the morning.
Let's go.
- What's wrong? - What is it?
My leg.
What?
- Leg? - What about your leg?
What about your leg?
Why does your leg hurt?
Do you want me to call the nurse?
- Yes. - Don't go.
Don't go. Don't.
What?
- Cramp. - Cramp?
- Cramp. - You have a cramp?
Where?
- Here? - Yes. There.
Do you feel better now, Dad?
Little bit more.
Good. It's good now.
- I'm cold. - You're cold?
Is there a problem with the blood circulation?
I'll go get more blankets.
Okay.
It's cold.
Let me see.
You'll feel better soon. Hang in there.
It's cold.
What should I do?
Hold on.
Hug me.
What?
Hug me. I'm cold.
Come here.
- How do you feel now? Better? - Yes.
Hey, Young Hye.
You're very lucky.
I'll let it go just this once.
But you must repent for the rest of your life...
beside me.
Did you say repent?
This all happened because of you.
I collapsed because you stressed me out...
with the marriage graduation.
If you ever say that again,
I'll just kill myself with a stroke.
Let me go.
Don't ever say that again.
Promise me.
Let me go first.
- Promise me first. - My gosh.
Let me go.
Promise me.
Mom. I got the blankets.
Give them to me.
Hey, Ru Ri.
Go on your knees.
Pardon?
Go on your knees. Now.
Okay.
Speak after me.
Please forgive me.
From now on,
I'll do as what Dad says.
Dad.
- Honey. - Aren't you going to say it?
I know I've committed a grave sin.
I'll do everything you tell me to do from now on.
Your mother begged me to forgive her...
and said that she'll never do that again.
So I will forgive you this time.
- Okay. - But keep this in mind.
You can...
never meet that scumbag again.
You can't call or text him.
Can you promise me that?
Why aren't you answering me?
Promise me.
Yes.
I won't meet him again.
I promise.
All right.
I recorded all of that.
If you break that promise,
it's the end for both of us.
- Do you understand? - Yes.
Today, your mom will watch over me,
so you can go home now.
Go now.
Good night.
Hey, Young Hye.
What?
Help me wash my face.
Try this. Tell me how it tastes.
Thank you.
I'm not lying here,
but I think a cancer patient could rise up after eating this.
If it's that good, it must be a success.
A success?
Gosh.
Is he trying to charm me with his food?
Then I must eat it in a sexy way.
What kind of a success?
- Are you curious? - Of course.
Here.
"Recruiting people who can develop new menus for SC Food"?
- What is this? - Just as what it says.
I wanted to develop new menus.
What?
You wanted me to taste your food for a new menu?
Gosh, I knew it.
It's cold. Turn the air conditioner off.
I will raise my clothes up to here, so that it can even cover my neck.
By the way,
how's Ru Ri?
You should be honest with me.
You're really interested in Ru Ri, right?
You didn't know when she was here,
but after she left, you feel empty, and you miss her.
That's why you were looking at her picture.
And that's why you brought me here to ask about her.
I'm right. I'm right.
You should have treated her nicely from the start.
- She's a really nice girl. - Stop it.
Gosh, that innocent girl was so hurt,
I don't know if she'll accept you.
And her dad is really scary.
- That's... - When are you going to Korea?
Why?
To enter a contest like this, you must need an assistant.
Where would you get someone who would know how to help you?
Witty Lee Myung Rang would be by your side to help.
Let's go!
You can never meet that scumbag again.
I'm texting you because I am worried.
I want to know how it went with your father.
I'm going to Seoul soon.
You're really interested in Ru Ri, right?
You didn't know when she was here,
but after she left, you feel empty, and you miss her.
You should have treated her nicely from the start.
(Chief of Food Laboratory, Choi Sun Young)
Chief of Food Laboratory, Choi Sun Young.
What do you think? Do you like it?
I thought Chairman Kevin would be here to greet me.
He doesn't seem to be here.
He's still in the US, but he's expecting a lot from you.
In that case, he should have full trust in me.
Why are we recruiting menu developers?
It was his orders.
He wanted us to be prepared in case we couldn't recruit Go Jung Do.
When will Chairman Kevin come to Korea?
I'd like to see him to talk to him myself.
He'd be coming back after 47 years,
so it would take a while for him to wrap up his things in the US.
I will recruit Go Jung Do. Just buy me some time.
I just follow his orders.
The contest is next week. I'd like you to be the judge.
Come to my office right now.
Here you go.
- Okay. - Okay.
We won!
Your arms may be muscular,
but you are too slow.
Oh, my.
How dare you talk to me like that?
How do you think it got muscular?
It's because I used my knife so much so that I could feed you.
Stop fighting.
Why are you always saying bad things to my sister...
I mean, my brother?
Let's go, brother. Let's have ice cream.
Okay, sister.
There's nothing for you.
Are you that happy?
Eun Byul's smile got so much prettier after she met you.
When she lived with me, she was angry all the time.
Thank you.
Not only for Eun Byul. You made me forget the wounds...
I received from that woman.
Will you really not tell me...
about your mother?
Do you really want to know?
That woman...
should not have become a mother.
Whenever she met a new man, she left home.
When it was over, she'd come back home again.
This went on forever...
until she took all of Dad's money...
and fled to Japan with a man.
Then...
how did Eun Byul's parents' die?
They were killed...
by Choi Sun Young.
What do you mean they were killed?
My dad...
was betrayed, but he still loved her.
10 years ago, after he found out he had cancer,
he wished to see her. So my brother and his wife...
went to Japan to find her.
That's when it happened.
They had persuaded her into going and were heading to the airport.
But she must have made a big fuss,
- saying she couldn't go. - Stop the car.
- Stop the car. - My brother couldn't bear it,
so they had a fight.
Stop the car.
You can just meet Father, and then you can leave.
- Stop the car. - Gosh.
Gosh.
The car! It's going to explode!
Honey, Yoo Jeong, wake up!
She's unconscious.
That's not what's important!
Why did you force me to come? I told you I didn't want to go.
Why?
Wait, no.
I... I need to get out.
- It's dangerous. - Don't move.
If you move and we fall, we'll die.
I won't die. Why should I? I'm going to get out.
Open the door. Open the door now.
Open the door.
Mom, please. Stay still.
Rescue will be here soon. Stay still until then.
Mom. You must not leave.
My daughter Eun Byul can't even walk yet.
She's only a baby.
Please.
People have their own destiny.
It's your fate to have me for your mom,
and it's your daughter's fate to live without her parents,
so...
don't blame me!
Mom. Mom.
Mom.
Do you know what my brother's last word was?
He told me...
to never forgive her.
A woman can do anything...
if she can kill her own child.
That's why she's scary.
Jung Do. You'll soon come to me.
I'll make you so.